compat-SDL2-soname1-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-cryptsetup-soname4-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-efivar-soname0-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-enchant-soname1-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-exiv2-soname1-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-fuse-soname2-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-gegl-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-gegl-0.3-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-glew-soname1-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-gmime-26-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-gtksourceview-soname3-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-guile-soname20-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-hdf5-soname10-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-hyperscan-soname4-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-icu4c-soname61-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-intel-gmmlib-soname1-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-ipset-soname10-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-libical-soname2-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-libidn-soname11-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-libpng-soname12-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-libwebp-soname6-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-llvm-soname4-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-llvm-soname5-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-llvm-soname6-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-mpfr-soname4-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-opencv-soname32-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-opencv-soname33-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-opencv-soname34-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-openssl-soname-10-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-poppler-soname78-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-protobuf-soname14-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-protobuf-soname15-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-readline-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
compat-readline-soname5-lib # Compatibility libraries for older soname
